README.md, before:

# Gantt

- no columns on the right side
- separation line for grouping not possible
- no multiple tasks in one record possible

# Calender

- Column Header cannot be above grouping
- Labels on the left side need to be hidden
- no columns on the right side

# Data grid

- table does not allow cells spanning multiple columns

## Style

# TO DO

- change some class name
- style table-row.table-header border radius
- find a better way to style table-container border radius
- make the border of table better
- input place holder 的 fontweight 改细
- pager component is responsive, make the look better, when it is narrow
- let the header of table freezing, when the table be scrolled.

# style 的标准

- what is the better way to organize the css files and component? 我觉得不要怕重复, 应该分开, 谁更优先呢? 如果都是同样的 Selector Specificity, 谁会在后面? component?
- should I avoid to use ">" in CSS selector

# question

- import.cs 某些内容不能 global
- error when Pager ShowPagerMessage="false";
- 不同的 components 共享相同的 style, 有办法 inject 吗?
- change the page size 时, 可以及时响应吗

# tasks

- team 的 color

# comulicat

- the width of Filter und sort
- icons should be the same?

Commit message:

created the table (without appointment blocks) with individuel blocksm and styled them with display grid.

README.md, after:

# Gantt

- no columns on the right side
- separation line for grouping not possible
- no multiple tasks in one record possible

# Calender

- Column Header cannot be above grouping
- Labels on the left side need to be hidden
- no columns on the right side

# Data grid

- table does not allow cells spanning multiple columns

## Style

# TO DO

- change some class name
- style table-row.table-header border radius
- find a better way to style table-container border radius
- make the border of table better
- input place holder 的 fontweight 改细
- pager component is responsive, make the look better, when it is narrow
- let the header of table freezing, when the table be scrolled.
- team 的 color
- appointments that do not fit int o the week need to render differently
- table corner border-radius

# style 的标准

- what is the better way to organize the css files and component? 我觉得不要怕重复, 应该分开, 谁更优先呢? 如果都是同样的 Selector Specificity, 谁会在后面? component?
- should I avoid to use ">" in CSS selector

# question

- error when Pager ShowPagerMessage="false"; 先这样
- change the page size, rerender? 目前无解
- pager component is responsive, make the look better, when it is narrow 先这样

# tasks

# comulicat

- the width of Filter und sort
- icons should be the same?
